falling apart
Oh Draculaura stealing my heart
hot-dogging movie make me howl of the
moon mission this good I'm clearly now
you so big I'll even though you so far
and do says stoical time these are my
bullets mcElhatton true a little strange
but so are you
whatever it is make it fast oh wait you
can't you're a zombie hey she was just
trying to invite you to a party Toralei
she was trying to be nice fat lot of
good Betty let me guess it starts 8th
but the zombies don't get there till 11
you think you're as fast as me wanna bet
on it tell you what I'll race you to mr.
hacks class on the other side of school
if you win I'll serve food at your party
if I win you serve food at one of mine
oh yeah you don't deal see you at my
party if you want to get there on time
you'd better leave now
we can't let ghoulia lose to bethe
corrupt calico I've got this laser
pointer maybe we can get it a chase it
down the wrong hole I can hit her with
pies come on be pretty funny guys this
is cheating she has to do this on her
own right Booya Booya there's no rush
this cat's got this in the bag Hey
spectra I've got a perfect headline for
your ghostly gossip blog zombies serve
kiddies at high-end soiree
we've Victor what what what Oh zombies
superhighway huh Onew may I offer you
another pie zombozo do I tell you it's
fun
you